Add document on how to implement a concept exercise in Go (#615)
exercism/v3: languages/go/docs/style-guide.md

# Style Guide

## Stub functions

> Stub functions best contain a `panic` containing the phrase: `Please implement the XY function`.

Reviewer: nitpick word change :) 
```suggestion
Stub functions should implement a `panic` call, containing the phrase: `please implement the XY function`.
```

Example:
```go
// Message extracts the message from the provided log line.
func Message(line string) string {

> 	panic("Please implement the Message function")

Reviewer: massive nitpick from me, but should panic messages start lower case, as with [error messages](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#error-strings)?

Author: Good question... I would have done the same as you suggest. They were capitalised in the experiment: https://github.com/exercism/research_experiment_1/blob/master/exercises/go-1-a/go_1_a.go#L5

I think better remove the capitalising!
